Which is your favorite failure in your life? I don't want to have one in my mind. Such things do not come to mind immediately. Say something nice and make him fail tell me it happens i am very very I am very hard working, I am so hard working that Friend, my failure is not only bad but it is good. [music] If you are confused about film and film The Second Time The Second Time A Good Film Will Get Better A Bad Film Will Get Worse Experience of it I thought I would see it Mahatma Gandhi must have left more reviews Autobiography of Jo Hai My Experiment With Truth, one star is written below it also Didn't enjoy like ok great didn't enjoy It's like Gandhiji, you like it a little again. Write for a lot of films if you put Them on mute and watch them if the eyes are Working the Film Will Work I Feel at This Point And It's True For The Last 30 Years athlete of this World The World Belongs To Nerds He He Hey What's Up Guys Welcome to Another Episode Of Audible Presence The Longest Interview Today Our episode of 'With the Multi Talented' Varun Grover Varun is a writer director comedian lyricist so many things he You understand me so exceptionally Varun Grover was one of the first. Guest on on Chalchitra Talks 5 years ago and A Lot of Credits of What Movie Talks Today is goes to Varun because that's on Jab channel Spike came to our channel for the first time. So after 5 years we recorded something. Again and You're Going to Have Such a Great Time becuase dude who nerds out They are exceptional at many things and You can get its complete example here So let's jump right will be seen in the video Inside the Conversation We Had with Veran Grover on Audible Presence The Longest Int [music] Hi Varun how are you welcome to chalachitra Talks I'm Good I'm Good and I'm So Happy to see the The Development That Judge Happened in Chalchitra Talks Before we did it long ago but in a Very G Small Apartment in Andheri East I Remember I Came to Your Place and It Was a Very Small Room the Film is Called Troll to end there was no troll one it was It started with Straight Away Troll Too And Of Course You Still Made It Look Great I Think whatever you see, that old episode whatever Will see they won't be able to tell that it's a Very it was one of the most depressing Apartments I've Seen in My Life or Two I've lived in I've also lived in like a Single Room Kitchen Kind of Apartment for the First Four Years of My Bombay Stay Lung Back 20 Years Ago But I Didn't Know That Well yes in one place and shoot in that place It is happening and after the shoot people will feel That quite posh means almost like I don't know Ayan Mukherjee Kind of Apartment Looks that was when That wasn't it where I came from. Early Early Sudhir Mishra Kind of Space And It Still Looked Like Very Ayan Mukherjee very great complete to me I remember that day, at first we Just started the movie and I liked it Wood get very nervous because one lift There was no need to climb three floors. If it were to happen, I would have to tell it like this, then you If you were coming by metro, I probably saw you. If you told me the gate was wrong then you can come from there again. Like [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] then you said it again That you need to use the loo and I'm so scared Brother, you have seen the house, okay now see the bathroom. And you understand the architecture of this house there is A Toilet and There's a Bathroom to Bathe But If the gram flour is not in the toilet then You close the gate and go there, did I? I thought it was really it was like one off Doj or the one you see in the movies Where people were kept in human trafficking goes and hides somewhere in the middle The Day It Was That Kind of a Space But So Now We're Here Like This Is Lovely We Have Coffee A Like Actual Coffee In Actual Like Cups and Ya They Like Other Partners You Have and so good good thank you so much and A lot of credit goes to you too Because of you our first meaning after your arrival Quote Un Quote Viral Video Aaya Tha Ver Ve Did the Recommendation It Was Episode 25 or End i did documentary Still it went viral ok guys They are more people than documentaries I don't know, let's check the recommendations. Have people seen the documentary or not? Dhun Dhu Mere still remembers in a day That means 7000 subscribers were big for you oh wow a I liked yachts so much before give you a little thing in lake start I want a friend, his name is Ritvik Pareek never did a picture Have made Duk Duk if you are a very close friend He just got the printing machine and he Produce absolutely high quality posters ok i want to give you a poster I am a film which I feel which you feel I like it very much It's wow so or lovely wow what's the matter and There's Another One a coming of age film Maybe you can also tell me the name of this film. Oh wow oh lovely, what is this? We got another version of this released which one? Butter looks so cool to you or I think this I haven't seen a print of this size Particular Poster: I also like this poster very much. I like it but because this was the first poster of the film Ka Plus This Is Hand Drawn So I Have Kind of more slight bias for this and that Prints are lovely so Ritvik Started means I am a favorite mother she Just take the name of Duk Duk and I said Just Hey Duk Duk I Have To Watch And I Actually Ask Him But He Said Will show it properly on the big screen That's what is very particular about him too If you have bought a 100 inch TV then I mean If I go to Jaipur, he can show it here. Well right here then I go and yes yes yes ok good yes because he asked about your house What is it? I said man, it is 55 inches. There is a TV and a good sound system. Everything is fine, not you but me in the theatre. I will do something for you to see there so that's good thing This is how great people become film makers Particular about a lot of things that Who made these cycle circle posters? Alan Shaw made this nice Who also did animation in the film? Nice So Alan Shaw Is The Artist Alan Shaw And Siddharth Kaneria And They Have A Team Have a Small Studio Called Ask Design So there you have done the title design Have done the animation in the film They have done the Initial posters of the film which started There were two posters and then later this poster This is a company called True Blue. They have created it so I am the first one to know about you. The question is about posters only. I want to do it, great poster Do you have any recommendations for posters that you remember? Be it from any movie or show you like The poster I recommend because my There is a lot that is sitting in the mind, isn't it? The old ones are old and that too from the poster. More Say Something Called Poster Art And This Another Thing Called vinyl disc arts so it is what it is The posters that were made from films If the poster of the film is at 10 then it is The posters and covers of the finals The sleeve covers were 10 on 10 I have come across many such things Because I Recently Turned a Bit of a Knot Collector Collector But I'm Nice So And That I have actually taken it from Jaipur. I am a collector, I am someone. Obsessed About LP Players and Speakers And amps and he collects them from all Over the world and he repairs them and then He sells them forward so I took it from him. Thorens has a very good system. LP player and then a Sony If there is an amp, how much would it cost like? The Whole Thing Depends on How Much You Want To Spend So There Are Various Combinations He Will Make for you I'll give you the contact and let's But generally it starts at 50 for the whole. Set-up Player Plus Amp Plus Speakers And Those Are Good stuff and because there are so many sold these days Those prices are 15000 to 10000. There is an app, there is an app installed in it. Good for showing off good for putting in your The agency office is there in our office. But it is of no use because it is point Of getting a getting music on lp disc Is the quality of sound because what we Nowadays we are seeing the best quality which What remains is what I am told by Apple Any song beyond that on music which is good If you are playing any new song then L Music Pa Gaana Jo Hoga Wo Raf 20 30 MB The remaining file size will be whatever The platform is on it cha pa mb 8 ab 10 AB is playing if you play that disc convert vinyl disc avery Song Comes to Ruffle 500 AB and Something O So The Quality of It The Depth of It The Grain Of it everything is superb so then you need a Systems That Can't Replicate That You Can't Just Play It On Any Random System Right So It reminded me of the most wonderful poster I have seen a poster of Awara, it is nice What's on the What's the LP cover off Awara that amazing design and amazing The thing is all these posters which are early Films 50 60 70 This Was Before You Could Create Stuff Digitally You'll Have to Do Everything's Here Camera and Bye Illustration So Lot of It Was OK Graphic Art Was There But I'm Saying Whatever is there of a vagabond in it is not so much. Amazing poster that has only two legs From here yes a Raj Kapoor's and these are like this May be you will see on the Screen Also But I'll Just Tell You So There is a photo here which has a secret Kapoor and Nargis are and it's a small Post made you know old style polar id type There is a photo and it shows so much about the The film and this character and the love story And this guy who is a thief who is in love with it Almost Like Stolen Photo and You Know Like Boot Leg Something Like That is so amazing If that is a poster then I like it very much have old movies In Raj Kapoor movie Bobby's this Iconic Poster with Lots of Colors and All Throne in Very Very Unusual That's Amazing Poster is for me one of my all time favorite movie The vinyl cover of Also There Will Be Blood Just you will go and play put it here In the screen it's like ok ek to woh The film is so amazing that you need a poster Something to go with his sound track For You Need Something That's Like Fantastic Because that film is also 10 on 10 so you Need Something 15 on 10 That's Stunning That's what I was looking for anyway. disc of its sound track and when i Mila To I Was Blown Away Just By The Cover of It I Was Like a Cover of It Actually They should charge $50 separately and $soundtrack Lucky They Were Not Doing That But And I Also have a thing for these minimalists Posters that a lot of people are making these days Infact today is my movie club Nor does it have as many Oscar nominations as it does. The number of Oscar nominations this year yan swipe rat Or Nice Good American Fiction Or or very mast b nice nice anatomy hot dog messi past live i love Nuke Have You Seen Off This is the law of them American fiction remains a zone Interest is left and other things are left After watching the rest, how did you like Anatomy? I liked it, it was amazing, it was very layered. Unexpected for a film of you know one too just c A courtroom drama but plaid Very Farhad from Like Almost Like I Would Like Actually Some People Also Compared It To another Farhad, I have also visited two or three places. read butt A Courtroom Drama But Not Played For Solving a Case But for Character Study So Which Was Very Amazing You Know You're Not OK you want to solve the case in a way but you Are More Interested in What Led Them To That Point to This Thing and Now You Wake Up And you f and you need someone to blame and You're the One to Blame You Pet Fa by Own Standards and Your Fear of Failure This Is The Truth, it looked very good, very amazing. Interesting It's One Film That I Couldn't Appreciate et al I tweeted just today That sword is what anatomy of a fall Wanted to be, don't know why I got caught Comparing It With Sword When You Use Multiple You see the stand points and you see How does the sword look? Very nice sword, amazing. The movie is but I thought yes Talwar is quite different yes a yes but okay i get what you are Yes, because I couldn't Appreciate that okay like it's very linear Infact this is a review by Richard Brod He's Badged Anatomy of He's Said It's Like an airport novel is what you You have packaged it like cinema. Like the movie, they also like it very much. Well, I didn't come and I am working on my film. I am heartbroken by the one or two bad reviews that came. Even the Atom of Fall was breaking down so much If big reviewers can abuse then what is left Do I talk to you about films right now? Having a Deep Discussion Is Your First movie watching Memory So De Many Memory Ch R Movie Watching and first will be first and foremost Which I didn't know was a movie I thought I was seeing someone. Don't know why my parents have gotten me into this This Dark Room Where We Were A Couple Fighting and the film Vaj Nikah So Songs Yaad Hai And Some Snus From The The Film I Remember and I Felt Very Sad Couple Breaking Up They Some Kind of I Think Domestic abuse is also quite bad. It was an experience and I thought, what is this? happening and i mean why do we see Everyone is here so I was four and five eight That Time So I Didn't Even Know It's a Film And what is a film and you know we don't Have TV at home so there was no other visual Media at home was not a TV, it was radio. The songs you used to listen to on the radio and you don't know anything else. Didn't know one thing that songs exist Suddenly go to the movie So That Was The First Kind of Memory But I Was Kind Off Disoriented First Actual Memory Off A Film Where I Probably Appreciate It And liked it and wanted to Vaj Masoom Shekhar Kapur Film And That We Saw Again In a theater but probably at that time Six and three again, there was no TV in the house till then P. But perhaps he had so much wisdom that this film and there is a story and there are people And I Was Obsessed With This Song Lakdi Ki Kathi I liked that song so much That I couldn't sleep without her, so it was Like a daily thing at bedtime Pay My Parents Had to Play the Song Cassette And I Would Never Fall Into Sleep Do It's Absolutely Not the Lullaby Another Lullaby in the Film Do Naina Ek Kahani Jo That's actually a lullaby to the baby in the movie. butt hyper energy song to sleep My Lullaby and I Use to Fall Asleep Listening to that song, that movie when we saw Then I Felt Like the First Impression And First Kind of Power au Cinema's OK It can move you It can take you into another World It Can Show You How the Human Feel Can Make You Feel Connected to Other Humans Don't Even Exist in reality just on screen so that's for me First Kind of Falling in Love with Cinema The moment was at six and then and then after That's what I think by the time I turn 1989 so born in 80th year off Aashiqui Maine Pyaar Kiya 87 Vas Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak Cha Again I Seen And By That Time I Think I Was Kind of I Understood What Cinema Is But Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak Made Me Very sad because both die spoiler If You Haven't Seen It for 30 Years So Sorry Too late but both R and Chawla die Something Like This You To Happen In My House Like you said you had every night To listen to it like your parents do too That was for the juggler in my house. So When Me and My Brother Use to Come Home So my brother used to watch Baazigar on VCR was VCR then and by the time we went to school After that they did not look, they did not eat Used to eat repeatedly on loop everyday juggler Baazigar has been played Wa and which is that Ra and you also loved Juggler and yer it was it was my brother to me Yes yes I remember like in parts Imagery yaad rahi aap lock film yaad rahe hai You're in it for when you drop it off the roof Do you remember that tea scene, that one that makes you laugh? I don't remember the scene Ending of Baazigar for Some Ri Madan Chopra Remember I'm gonna make a reel The Madan Chopra syndrome that basically you You go and you come from behind and the power You have seen that change happens Look at me also happens in Captain Phillips I'm the Captain I'm Thinking About Madan Chopra Very Fined by the Depiction of Madan Chopra Syndrome in Films You Can Think Of Any I Think Original Madan Chopra Syndrome Was way back in a very different context But Sangam Have You Seen Sangam So This Y Rajendra Kumar and Vanti Mala and Raj So It's a Love Triangle Kind of Thing Ra Raj Kapoor loves Bajanti Mala but because of this. Who is his best friend actually? Given Him Shelter as an Orphan and Something So has grown up in his house. Typical which later happens in Dil To Pagal Hai Bhi You are used and you sacrifice yourself. Love Because Someone Gave You Shelter as a Kid And that person's love is bigger than your love So Rajendra Kumar Love Way Janti Mala And Raj kapoor also love mala but only a dozen tell them Because he thinks that is his first right What ever they both have the first right and then Rajendra Kumar I am sent to war and he Disappeared Dead and Then Raj Kapoor Kind of Proposes to Her and She Accept and then he comes back so that power But by the time he came back she was still ringing the rosary. Have fallen in love with Raj Kapoor and let him sleep This conflate great conflate done many Times But Ya Very Different Version Wa Ya I have another very different version of this Change of power came a stanley q brick Which is the one in which political There is a film in which everyone sits at a round table There are war films in which a lot The debate is happening like oh yes so the bomb The Bomb One The Bomb One Ya Ya So There's a Bomb in That I don't know the name of Dear John. Dear John, what would have happened to me then? Revealed in Dear John's Are the Letters the Wives' Right to See Their Husbands When They Go Because of two verses they now understand this The groom has gone so late there is no chance that he Might not come back there's a chance so do Find Another Partner When That Person Is Away So They Write a Dear John Letter Oh Wow Okay I din know this I wa like holy [ __ ] so one Of the bums had a name of dear John or ok so that's one satta I remembered my festival and I am nicer than you. All India rank along with recommendations I also want to talk about and because Remember when we were at the first screenings And every time we met I also use to ask you that you direct When are you doing it? When are you doing it directly? I don't have any direction but a very fast ticket. There is always a takeaway like Joy Akhtar Had said at one place have good food on set all Food makes people happy and every Greta Garwick She says when I don't understand that What to do Start switching off the Then one by one we turn on the lights That's when my mind is not working I always studied at no film school. Make sure to have the actors enter and Exit frames are based on such nuances Is this one of yours for me? The direction was that not for me right now It is very difficult for me to tell right now Was there any such that I had my take away What then was important a few things What I Learn from Other Film Makers Only But One Thing Which Anurag Told Me Anurag Kashyap Before I Went for the Shoot I asked him I asked bunch of friends What should R film makers do? three or four people who told me things I followed him and Sum of Them and Very Helpful Anurag Told Me Whenever You're Confused and One You Have Less Time and One You Don't Know If You Can Take As Many Shots As You Want And If You Know What Ever Resources Are Less Just Focused on the Eyes of the Actor If You Can See The Eyes Don't Make Them Perform Without Their Eyes Visible You Will Get the scene then get a shot one shot athlete Where their eyes are completely visible and emotions Search in it and you should meet obviously now If there is no emotion in the actor's eyes Then That Shot Is Wasted But Work On That If You're short on time that was a great thing Which I Tried So Which I Tried Basically on the edit also so we'd chuck Shots If We Had to Like Short an Something And Get to the Point Quickly We'd See Shots Where the Eyes Are Talking the Most And that's something we try in the Edit also through out eyes so basically A I Know It's Not Possible But for a Lot of Films If You Put Them on Mute and Watch Them If the Eyes Are Working the Film Will Work Was so just see it on mute and yay will Find the Emotion in the Eye Because the Lips Are Who Mooted So That Was One Very Good What Ever Tip Anurag Gaev I am Manish Sharma the Director of Fan and Shoe Romance and Band Baaja Baaraat So Hi Told I Wear Comfortable Clothes Because It's Going to be a long day so don't think that You're the Director You Have to Dress Properly You Should Be Seen Like You Know Someone Who's Like That's What Nola Does Power Dressing in a Way in His Own Way Always wearing on the sets also Wearing a Jacket and It Works for Him Shar but what Manish told me was very useful. So I am just a pajama and there is no point in doing so. Comfortable Shirt and Pajamas See Through Suit And It Was Very Relaxing So It's Not a Film Making Tip But It Is a Film Making Tit When You're Dealing With Humans You Are dealing you're present there's someone Have to be comfortable in this space so that Very good tip, one thing came Learn on the Sets I Want to Continue Going Forward in What ever i do in future Is Always Listen to the Feedback Like Alav Feedback on the Sets No Shot Is Final Till It This is final so don't be like that Had a short breakdown and it's like this And this is how the actor will be if anything Also improvising because of the joy Of Film Making Were You Are you have something you have The Blueprint You Have the Script You Know How You're going to shoot it how you're going to edit it There's some in your mind but a lot of Times the Magic Happens Because People Have the Space to Manwar and People to Have the Space to Innovate and play while still remaining happy in this month A l in that scene the very famous scene now [ __ ] There is no end to this sorrow. Doesn't End In The Script It Was Not Written That He Will Cry and the Friends Will Go and Hug Him and All That Was All Improvise Just Because Neeraj Gave Them Them Space Neeraj Gave Vicky and Every Other Actor The Space to Just Keep Improvising and Keep playing the shot and he won't cut it It went on and on and it just happened while Well, that last one was not in the script. So the actual chunk What's Now in the Edit Is a Lot of It Improvised I Mean The Lines Are There But The Crying Wasn't There The Way Vicki Has Taken That Scene To Her Easy means taking his time and Neeraj and Avinash Arun have given him time And he uses that time to like to make one off The Most Talked About Scene from the Film So Ya Being a Writer is That Difficult for You I mean friend, he is just playing, he is doing anything. It means that there is no beating from inside like this. Because you know that movie Now the shoot is completed on like 20 Even after fast edit the sound is late Multiple Layers Where You Will Still Have a Chance to Re Look and There Are Multiple Shots Right Ya Not Saying This Is The One Shot You have taken four five shots, four five takes have taken [music] You have to come to the same place the next day also. Can Go Back and You Know the Rush Some Times You can come back to a location like in Masaan We Did Go Back to Some Location in All India Rank Also Couple of Locations We Had to Go We are left with a couple of shots from back to hostel. So we went back so you're like this is Not Like Being Live Stream Right Now You have done it now, there is time, slowly it will be edited there I came to sleep Feel there is enough space to still or Manipulate lock it means make me think of you Shared Love for Richard Link Later It's Like Link Letter School of Thought Right Ki Aake Baat let's talk for 10 years rahe ya ya ya o that to e of course that is a dream i know what they did Well that won't happen again but but how Link Letter Doesn't Just In Boyhood Boyhood Wa ha ha sab mein hi means in general ts vat hi daj hi Just Sits With The Actor And His Crew And They Just Talk and Then Something Emerges Out of It's Almost Like Improvised Theater That's the kind of improvised cinema that happens. Is so off course he's on some other level of Craft and some other levels of space also In the Sense of the Kind He's Given to Make a film over 12 no one will give years here But but I know what you're saying to do I enjoy it and there is something in it A different kind of cinema is being made, so I Hope to or Do Something in the Same Space If Not over like obviously not over 12 years But even the world will not last for 12 years I think yes at least 12 months Let someone shoot over one year you meet once Every Month and You Know Kind of Sit for Two Three days and do one to seams and or may Remember when we wrote a book almost 5 years ago? Did the episode when you came to our house So you said one line, you recommended a Documentary Hearts of Darkness and You said this is Apocalypto Kalipan should come that if you If you haven't seen it, let me ask you a question. want But the question is about film recommendation. Whatever film aspiring film makers or If you are watching this movie or picture episode, So what is that movie that you haven't seen? shame on you There are many, many, many of them are needed. that's what i was thinking Because you said that you'll be talking about Recommendations And If You Don't Give Me A Promotion or very specific promotion Films Which Are You Know From That Decade to think about, now just this question If You Ask Me Who Are the Films People Should be ashamed of if they haven't seen ashamed Off Them Sales If They Haven't Seen Dose Films I Can Give You Probably 500 Films even in that list because very All are there but still I will just say Be a Few Directors You'll Have to Have Too Right Sea One Andar Ve It's very simply just that A Top 100 Debut Films Oh Okay So You Will Get a Fantastic List You'll Get a Fantastic List You'll Have Blood Simple In That List You'll Have a Lady Bird In That List You'll Have Being John Malkovich In That List You Will Have Flight In That List You Know and Black Friday in That List So They Give Lots Of First Films Luck Bye Chance Talking About Indian Films Butt Outside Also Like You Will Have Pather Panchali is in that list so if you go just Bye That's Late Are Very Good End Point Or Just Enter Start the Journey of Because It Will Obviously Give U If U Se 100 Usm Se 70 80 Film Makers must have become greats after Words 20 Might Be There Who Have Made Only One and Two and Three Films and You Know After That They Did Not What Ever Fulfilled Promise They Had In Their First Film But Even Than Do 100 First Grade Films Are A great way to know cinema especially for a First time film maker because the first Films Are Always Made With Limited Resources No One Very Rarely Even You Know Zoya Attar Luck Baa Chan Wanted To Cast Yano Big actor and even farhan d role but even Zoya Attar with L'Her Resources and Yano Industry's Privilege and Where Still Had to Struggle to Make the First So First Films Give You a Sense off late rones Late Experimentation time I don't give dam attitude yes and also A Very Unique Voice Some Times Not Fully Formed Some Times Fully Formed Some Times You Know It But It's Original Special With Good First Films I'm Saying All the Good First Films So That's a Great Way So you know start with okay all the great Film Makers You Know But You May Know Them For Their Fifth Example Lot of People No Parasite But Yes You Know You Go Back To Bangas Early Films and You Go to PTA first film sorry pts first film Was PTA Heart Was The First Heart Too Maybe yes so or so PTS first Film Heart Now It's Very Like You Can't Imagine ok this guy will then go on to this Epic film also heart is such an intimate small Film and Nolan First Film Following Following or so there is this rawness there is This ambition lacks resources everything so For Aspiring Filmmakers I Think It Is a Great Way to Understand Cinema Instead of seeing of course the classic Classes You Have to See and You Know You Have to no good and mid What Ever Mid Career Spielberg Says Laker Mid Career What Everyone But Or I would like to do things here limited The resource thing is even for Nolan. Used to apply but he followed To make it look authentic We had no money so we had no guns Could have shown because I couldn't hold a fake gun When she arrives, she calls her antagonist Gave me a hammer to whip people Then this brain works the right way. That thing is very amazing First Films R Great learning tool and then others that you can Do is see the first and second and third what Ever Short Films Some of the Film Makers Have made so for example this ruban Lan His Short Film That Thing on a Bridge Yes, you recommended me, so I came. Think It's Called Some Random Case And Something's Experiment Number Something's It's Called But It's a Single Take Film Almost Single Take May Be In The End It Cuts To Another POV but most of it is single take so is Kinds of Movies That Are Just Made Porly from a narrative point of view with No Budget and All So They Are Great Again Learning Tools So Just Go and See Offcourse Doodle Berg Is Very Very Famous Now So Ya So That's a Like Small List of Recommendations No No this is amazing and I have never done anything like this I didn't think that if you just like Pick up was my way of getting into it that I caught a film maker who If you like link letter then I am very dirty I was obsessed with finding a very good man. I thought only humans were good so I Earlier I used to think that is there any movie Makers Who Do Not Smoke because it was so bad for me that So I don't smoke, I was like that friend Jana only smokes because of me Who was new to the industry? Stop now and then I came to know about the letter. If he doesn't smoke then let's go and enter. There is a branch inside it, he said somewhere Go all Robert Downey Sr. Look at the pictures I said ok Robert Saw pictures of Downey Sr. and said Of a berg man so i know a pasona But did you see the rest of Bergman's pictures? It is my gift that it became a film school. Just found one ok what did this Person like and a tree grow up from there Gaya And I Really Love This Process Because E venturi lets you touch everything People will also say yes or true or so hene I think again a fantastic film maker Watch his early films May I Be You Know A LOTS OF PEOPLE FOUND NK AFTER RAMOR GUT Nominated and One and Oscar I Think It Did One Did Win No Some Foreign Film and All But NK Initial Films We Were He Was A He was a completely unknown and like a local Film Maker And Then You Know After A Point His I Think Funny Games Got Remembered In Hollywood And But Before The Lee Film Amazing So That ikt i tired blowz Wa So Ha So It's Good Way To Enter Do You Like what's your opinion of past Lives Past Lives I Wasn't Super Into I liked it but I felt it was to Playing for Almost Like I Could Sense Thing's You Keyword So the core Philosophy of the film with note connection Between People also had a name Some Thing So That for me felt like a Ope more than just formed idea in the film And I felt that he was very amazing. cracked butt It Didn't Do Anything for Me After a Point for Me You Know a Lot of People Compared Three of Us to Past Lives Yes Yes So I Know I Might Be Bias That Three Off In us I was evolved as a dialogue Writer But I Felt That Past Life Was Kind of a bit of a Bet for the Oscars, call it a bet or was it a little I felt like that, I liked the butt end. Not Even If You Don't Compare It With Anything Else Looked Good But Then I Felt that like could have been they like the subject Matter Promise in the Beginning of Its Going To Be a Heavy Film It Was That Was My Eye Felt it was a bit too light weight given the Space It Had Like It Could Have Been Like Crushing It Wasn't Crushing It Wasn't heart breaking it Was Sad Or Like It Left You With A Bit Off Sad and Joy What Ever the Mix Of feelingless A Film Wanted to Know Wanted to Break Me Kind of a thing like In the mood for love you know she's gonna have it Same Promise and Di Live Up to the Promise Or we did a poll in the Thai community that Your Favorite in School Lovers Meeting Again Which movie is Past La The Of Us and 96 good 96 96 i love that was very very Well Made Film or End Very movie yes I want to ask you one more thing I want this is something I'm really Very interested in everyone's life All failures are your favorite failures. What part of your life are you going into? Q queer favorite failure Well, I don't want to have one in my mind. That kind of thing doesn't come to mind. say something nice and call it a failure I am very hard working so much I am hardworking friend from me nothing happens, nothing bad happens my failure is masaan Was Ok feller good Why I Don't Know I May Be the One I Want Was not able to make All India Rank 10 Years Ago I Didn't Write It and When It Was a very fresh new idea and now one Of the Things That Came in Many Many Reviews Like Lot of Reviews Which Loved the Film Like the Film Even Than in the Review There Was a Mention of Others You Know Similar Coaching World show and any movie Aayi Hai So Vo Jo Comparison Tha A I Know Where That's Coming From Right and for Me That's Something Which I Feel I Could Have Done Something About By Making It When I Had Written it 10 years ago then makes butt Then at that time what ever for multiple Reasons I Wasn't Super Confident About Being a Director the People I Was Pitching To We Not Super Into the Script and They Were Like this, do this, make it commercial Do that in between three or four things. It Din Happened at That Time So for Me That Is Prolly One Thing I'd Say If I Pushed It's at that time and like you did so many Cheese made you multiple labels is a work Of yours apart from all india rank Whose wish is more I also did this please talk about it Something That Gets More Recognition A Ya A Lot of Things Do A Might Sound like to demanding But I feel that I work for the children. I write stories for children am for magazine called cycle and there is a Collection of short stories also out in Hindi and now in punjabi also punjabi That book Paper Chor has come in translation The name of the book in Punjabi is It's Called. Radio So That Work Some How in India In General Not Just My Work I Just Feel Some How the Literature and the World in India Of Literature Has Kind Of Gone Under The Radar And People Read It and Still They Don't Value it Enough Like Film Any Film Chach Comes Out Okay No Matter How Good Bad What Ever Average It Is They Are Like 50 Reviews Write How Many Book Reviews You Read and Books Are Also For Mask Compulsion OK Not as Many People Access It's End All But Still I Mean There Has To Be A community group talks about Indian books There's Good Reads and All That Talks About All the You Know Classics of the World's End Best Sellers of the World But Where Is That Community Ch Just Hypes Books and Atlist Criticizes Them and What Ever Reviews Them That's one thing, so for me that's one thing Which I Feel When I'm Actually Working In a very free environment there are no BossNo There Is No Marketing Behind It Okay, write this song like this and kind of thing that should be in the movie and which Dealing Too Much in Lyrics Writing Is it required or has to be done in film making? Is it or doing script writing everywhere? You have to deal with multiple The Forces Who Are Telling You This Works Dozen Work This Has to Be Written This Way and This has to go through sensors in this way that There are 50 troubles short stories I am writing Atleast Till This Point Writing Without Any Censorship Without Anyone Telling Me This Works and Dozens Work and They Getting Good Readership Okay So One This Graphic Novel I Rot and Princess Ya Partner Basu So Bix It's Called Karejava I the Second One We Came Written by Ankit Kapoor the illustrated The first one is illustrated by Rajkumari And That's The First Print Run of 5000 is sold out second print run of 5000 is almost sold out now we are Looking for the Third Print Run Plus English Translation So Any Book a Graphic Novel in India has sold 10000 copies to test Three Reviews That Came at That Time But No One even knows about it one so gives that thing What I Feel Really Sad About in General for a There's a Lot of Good Literature That's Coming Out Not Getting Recognized Is Not Because it's in hindi so Thatchi Bhagat and after that Durjay Dutta And many others in that line but some how that There's One Thing I Feel I Wish Like you mentioned Basu and someone like that And you mean the one from children's stories? Would like to take names that like you wish people Should check out this magazine Hai Cycle By name Sakal Vinod Kumar Shukla Wal Vinod Kumar Shukla writes original in it Stories Gulzar original stories in it Shiraz Hussain of Khwab writes poems Tanha Delhi hee hee writing is fantastic Bunch of short stories on this cycle then Shali Nayak Who is a Short Film Maker I Think You Might Have Seen That Seven Stars dinosaur company they are a short Film Chach One Multiple Awards Last Year Two Years Ago So Vaishali Nayak So She Is Writing Short Stories in That Magazine So That magazine is fantastic bicycle if you If you take it, you will get introduced. To a lot of writers who are writing Original Great Literature for Children Sushil Shukla who is also its editor and He writes great stuff a Prabhat is a poet Those from Rajasthan write very good poems. There are lots of lots of Great Writers Who Are Doing Stuff in This Magazine and its website If you go there, please give me one star publication. Is a Whole Library Catalog of Great Books For Children So I Wish People Go There And like by some books and my one I have to ask a question here because you told me Like your book or graphic novel. If 10000 copies are sold and it's a big Thing and if its reviews are only two then it means He also bodes as an artist again What does it mean to have a The need for reviews as a yes boder It does this for two reasons: That As An Artist You Want Your Work To Be Not Appreciate But Criticize That The manner and the people Athletes Talk About the Layers or Triads Toot Right It Feels Not Just Good But Also It Needed for an artist to feel validated Intus brother, I have achieved something with some hard work. which is cast at some point on that Documentation should be fine, people can read it at home. They Might Like It They Might Say Hey You made this butt very nice and he made it big. I told myself that it did not reach you. Only numbers came, numbers never came think any Artist You Know Prime Goal in Life Okay, so many copies sold or so many tickets sold? Did the film earn so many crores, friends? Numbers Are Like They Are Good for Getting The Next Project They're Good for People I actually supported the project so the Producers Publishers and the Great For Them and it should be but for an artist True Appreciation Is Meeting Like Minded People and Feeling Understood and Feeling Heard And the feeling scene that's something I feel Is the Prime What Ever Needed of an Artist To Be Understood Well I thought of this Had this work been done then someone would have understood him that Don't understand either when someone says than you Feel Like OK Even If It's Five People Even If It's 10 People and You Know You Have Sold lets say 1 lakh tickets to something And this is what I understood from 10 People Come At You Feel great about it in that way a bad Review Must Be Better Than Inferanti a bad review is still trite Engage with the Work What Ever Any Review And If It's Trite What Ever Let's Say Trash It Saying This Didn't Work And This was intended this way but ended up Being This Way Okay Atleast You Saw the Intention Atlist You Tried So and Reviews Are All Bad review of Good for Me It's Not About Good review yes bad review for the film and adventure right in Documentation but at least there is a review Let's have a conversation about it and that's it good sleep Don't You Know Bad Reviews Like One Off The Reviews on One of the Books I've Written Is On N This Short Story Collection Is one star and below it is written that was not fun Datchi also wrote one star, did not enjoy it Like ok great this guy is actually Buying my experiment with truth And then going there and saying no fun It's like Gandhi ji, you like it a bit. write again one more time Experiment, this is yours for me Experiments Are Not Enough Than I'm Like Hey, he has the entire life of Gandhiji and this Not even that Gandhiji has written fiction. Gandhiji has written his life and this Guy is not impressed with Gandhiji's life So why would he be impressed with me Fiction So Totally Fine So Ya A I remember I told Hansal Mehta Sir When the episode was done with Hi Was Telling Me that they read restaurant reviews a lot I think New York Times or New Yorker Somewhere So Everyone Has These Reviews The fashion of your world's favorite reviewers Who is in regard to any medium book music o no i don't have a name Because I don't do that for me The World's Favorite Reviews Are Actually The imdb reviews which are user reviews I am especially fond of films. Reviews which are mainstream and whatever The reviewers are Even Brody and What Ever I rarely read that for me the Best Thing to Do After Watching a Film If If I Like the Film and If I Hate It Chance whose chances are very less because I see very few movies where If there is even the slightest doubt that something will go wrong, I I watch films very thoughtfully for me Watching a Film is Like Getting into a Short term relationships are bad I don't get into relationships very much. That yes, it is sure that it will not look bad. This film may seem a bit average or These three categories are good or great Hoti Hai So If You Like A Film You Want To Read More About It So the First Thing I Do Is I go to IMDb and first I read All the Trivia and Then I'm Very Happy When I click show the spoiler ones also Because I have seen the movie I will read the spoiler ones also then it is written in it Does anything happen in that scene? What ever some spoiler butt was shot It's Fun Then I Go to the Reviews User Reviews and Lots of Great Reviews There And They Are Just I MDB Users So That Community Is Great Which Is Now Building Another Community E Now Letter Box Where I'm not very used to the pup yet I'll go and check the letter box right now. A little navigation in me i'm not that much Used to it but I mdb I love I love the Reviews and they are the best reviewers on On the planet for me right now this community off or maybe you said something I immediately remembered that it was a good film. Is that after the picture is over? Pushes you to go and search about it and read About it or it feels so right to me If I See Something I Like That Yes ok and i am not doing money that means yes ok neither means it's that means i Unofficial on Reddit's official discussion Reaching the discussion or not or or or yes and a very good one on i mdb There was a forum, it has closed down now. Forum Where You Can Just Put Questions and Answers About the Film Now Dev Removed That Forum Used to Be One of My Top Favorite Thing Where you'll just talk about that one That scene in Flow the Cuckoo Ness is ours What is the interpretation for and the and the final Thing the climax and that dream and that What ever this kind of people long again It would be great if theoretical answers come. It used to be so yes absolutely I think great The Sign of a Great Film Late Too Three things like this, my two three are strange, strange The first rule is that A great film is what inspires great Writing after words, if any film The reviews are very good and the reviews It doesn't mean that there are five star reviews. The reviews are detailed and slightly different from the film. Chacha is making some talk reviewer right Better t's the sign of a great film then Great Art Leads to Great Art like the simple formula second the sign off You're How Much You Like The Film Is How Much You Want to Read About It afterviewinit watch everything if twam comes I liked it very much, so why not? You will see again friend, it is very good in one go. It means that there is a lot in that movie. All the details are there and at once the eye and If ears and senses cannot catch everything You should know watch it Give him the twins so if you are Confused About a Film and Even If You Are not there a film the second time the second Time a Good Movie Will Get Better a Bad The Film Will Get Versus the Experience of It If It Becomes Un I thought it was fun the first time. The movie was, let's watch it again today and are watching. yes and you some It was late, something may be the day Great you are in happy mood good company the The film Had Like a Good You Know Manipulative Quality Which You Like in That First Time But Second Time You Know The Manipulation Now you are like not now man and if you Like It Better the Second Time Than That Sign of a very good film It Gets Better with Every Viewing and Atlist one to three till third viewing and Sorry if you liked it the second time A complicated flow chart is being made. I'm better than the first time for the second time If you like it more then definitely third time See because then you will be able To See the Actual Film for All It's Now You Know All the Tropes Now You Know the Manipulation You still like it the second time the third time Now watch it and watch it for other details Also it may definitely happen if first Second time was good or third time was bad It won't seem like it will just give you something and It Will Flatten to That Point and Then You Like ok I am done with this film Three Times I've Now Completely What Ever The last is taken out in the sugarcane machine. Me Ch Is Your Most Watchable Film In Your Hole Life The Master Na Pat I Seen Lot Of Times Whenever I turn on the TV I mean whenever anything I'm not doing it I'll start it from Any Point That I Really Love There Will Be Blood I Really Love Boogie Night So Lots Of PTA Films Yeh Toh Hi Maart Baah Any film of PTA starts from anywhere Do it and it will be fun but yes this Definitely the master top will give after that b blood Oh five runs, how did you like it O I love you That's That Also I've Seen Multiple Times Butt Not as many times As the Master's End and Phantom Thread O I Loved it Phantom Thread Again so Phantom Thread What happened to me was that when I saw it for the first time I Was It in the Theater It Was Not Playing With Subtitles Just Got Used To Subtitles Ki to first time visually it was stunning And There But Then There Was Something Strange About the Film I Couldn't Really Get Into It Also random, there were no subtitles Secondly, that PVR or wherever the film is played. There that random interval slate comes in between He is saying something out of nowhere and suddenly The interval came and then after that you Show Gutka ad. Gutka means don't Gutka. eat it and show it and then that fufu those 50 types A So It Takes You Out of Punishment Then I Was Like So Then I Watched It Again When It Came on OTT and like proper good house I'm in the mood so I loved it a lot Of Course It's Not For Me It's Still Not In The League of Nations' Ambition in Terms of Just Ambition Off Showing the Human Greed and It Was More of Another intimate setting is the scale that Joe Joe of PTA Off the Human Condition They show the spectrum in the rest of the film. He didn't have that much ambition in it. But still it was beautiful in my opinion One of the Greatest Actors Who Have Ever Lived Like Was Philip Seymour Huffman Meaning Someone Just Amazing And From Here To See Him In These Two PTA Films From Boogie Nights to the master This is a journey or a lot of movies. A lock I just came for small scenes Ka Stop Thinking About Lock Their Someone Ai What do you think is the Indian equivalent? India's Philip Seymour Huffman according to you from which It will be very difficult, it means any miracle. If the actors are from outside then India's us. Meaning, only Irrfan Saheb comes to mind. Irrfan Apart from sir, who would be that very difficult? Have to tell but because again we don't write Two Kinds of Roles for Like the Kind Of The Role Philip Huffman Has Done in The Master V Don't Have These Kinds of Roles We Don't Have Written Dos Kind of Roles If We Write I Am There's a Lot of Actors Are Capable of Just That You Know They Are Not Given That Space Too Perform in two complicated characters And so it becomes very difficult here pe means like recently not at all Comparing But I'm Saying Recently This Vijay Maurya's movie 'Mast mein rehne ka' The film is that of Jackie Shroff and it is performing. Stunning it just shows that kind of role you Jackie Shroff or whoever is with him will write. Contemporary actors have been there for him Fully Capable Just That Now Is Writing Dos Rolls and Jackie Shroff in In Aranya Kaandam for example the way is Perform from Aaranya Kaandam to Mast Mein Rahne ka to his early work parinda and l He is a fantastic actor just don't know Roles To Justify His Talent One Person Who Really Excites Me a Lot from India Jaideep alav oh Jaideep is fantastic great He is or He is the He is already a Fantastic great actor but he is the Potential to create Something Unique Going Forward a Space For You Know the Kind of Actor Superstar What Irrfan Was Meant to Be and Almost There and or in their eyes I did not Also noticed in Three of Us, it is late this Exhaustion that you can see through your eyes That means I squint. Don't know a little and that too in the underworld I saw it, I said what is this, friend, this and that I feel that way about very few people When I did it with Sudeep Sharma sir too Same thing was said for him and the others Suvinder who is the lead actor of our Kora vicky or what is the face off oh Like Russian Novel Prog Nist Thing Ya Very Friends, I have seen many face likes throughout my life. the sorrow that Worries, troubles, happiness all on the face at once They have come as marks, so this is it Fantastic or is there a question which My Audience Hates But I Love Too Ask kya broken heart se music And if the heart is not broken Can you not create good Art absolutely not means I don't believe it. This is absolutely wrong Music Art Any The thing turns out if you're curious and if You Can Be Curious Without You Knowing Broken Heart Actually I Don't Know Broken Heart Does it help and give this ora CreatedDocumentsFragment That a man will be happy if he remains curious You have to be can become good art Curious You Have to Be Constantly Willing To Learn Willing to Explore the World Willing to Explore Your Inner Self and Just In Touch With The Humanity Ultimately It's About Finding Connection With Fellows Humans every art ya know and they judge No Central Body Says This Is Art And This is not a panel of people like 10 20 100 Art Connects and Some Art Connects to Five People and Some Art Connects to 5 Lakh and 50 Lakh and both R Art And It's Just About Your Ability To Create something which is original for You End Feels Feels End I have to give, I don't understand this. that is that If your heart is broken You may find people telling you to encourage you. Let's say friend, you should become an artist. hee It doesn't mean that it will go because you see. as many Across is also a good artist History is not that the heart was broken They became great only after the effect of what they have done. Great work in their happy phases of life Right in their stable phases of life and that this is so this is No end, no phase ever came for you. You Were Attracted to the Sad Part of Being an Artist Means Because I Relate To what you are saying but there is a phase, isn't it? When no one wants to be sad, But that phase came when I also felt that I thought that if your heart gets broken then you can make art out of it. Can you or you will become an artist, that phase I too was once upon a time, how old? This phase is 20 years old when I was Dating So I Was Dating And I Was Like if it didn't work out I was thinking about the relationship, what can I do? If I do, an idea comes to my mind that i will make a documentary Called I Don't Know What It Was Called But The The Concept Was Heartbreak How People Deal With Heartbreak and I Thought I'd Just Travel With my camera, a very romantic idea. Tha India Very Ya In A Very Imtiaz Ali idea that yes brother go out with the camera. Go and Just Ask Random People About How to Give Delt with the heart breaks and then make A Film Around That Of People Dealing With heart Breaks and then I thought yes look good My art comes from heartbreak Right now I am afraid of the possibility of heartbreak. Thought of the concept of a documentary but Then I Didn't Ever Know That Heartbreak It didn't happen and then neither did this documentary. I made it and later I felt that it was very This is a basic documentary idea. What was the meaning of such a great heart break? The name was boring first first draft the idea came Something last related to the movie No Amazing I ask questions then I will move to Other segments are there politically Incorrect movie whose someone or something Politics is totally off but you like yes I think there will be many like this because The Film Fm 90s So Regressive so regressive and or politically Incorrect in a way but I liked it at that time But you can still enjoy it now can also enjoy hoon aaronic yes like means like we are yours Who I Thought Was a Very Aggressive Kind of Film End for Two Times Probably There was a little progressiveness in that Madhuri Dixit Was Shown Someone Who Had A Jobs for those who were studying computers Read Science and Something She Said About Computers And the scene in which she is playing billiards are staying and he asks coming from above What are you doing and she says Computers are reading like wow you know Career woman at that time she told but that Elsewhere throughout the film the computer is far away. That chocolate juice ice cream was not far away. She was eating toffee but I can still Enjoy That Film in a Strange Way Just For Fun Because Nostalgia and All a Song I Really Like and Enjoy Even Till Now Is Actually a very problematic song in That way and your name with red scarf tell and so there are those things ch Nostalgia Does To You Where You See Things In A particular lens and kind of eye ignore The Politics and Don't Even Know About The politics of it A in a way blind spots in a way Privilege is a red scarf song Which was that song of eyes and which I I liked it very much, it was very catchy but it came recently Was playing it and someone's female friend Said That This Is a Very Horrible Song and We Ver Actually You Know a Lot of We Have Very Trauma Related Memories to This Song Because You Know Horrible Boys on the Streets Play That While They're Going to College And There's Something So Everything We Know About They big section of society have a very Different memory attached to it so came besides that Don't Know Andaz Apna Apna Me Be Me Be Me Be Aggressive in Some Ways I Enjoy That Film A Lot But I'm Sure If You Analyze There Wood be a lot Of Politically Incorrect Thi So Now I Tell You I would like to move the books from you to talk I would like you to understand I need to ask. I have some specific questions for you I have a very specific list of books. The list is a, tell me, is it short? Stories Because I Love Short Stories and I Love short fiction for me is the best way To end your day, by night I mean sleep. I sleep every day after reading a story first. It Some Times Takes 30 Minutes 40 Minutes It is done in 50 minutes which also means It's a bit of a long short story. Even small things can be done in 1015 minutes. For me that is one joy of life that even if You have been very busy all day long like today I have been out since morning to study something. Didn't get time, didn't have time to do anything If you get it then read the story one night. Atlist You Feel Like Your Vitamin of the Day D or whatever is the daily intake of B12 That's how your nutrient intake should be. Gone is today's so one short story and give Are you no intentionally fulfilling also de de Feel Like And Every Short Story Is A Different world all together so one is different You go into the world and then you kind Off Feel Like You Forget About Your Day End Then You Sleep So I Have a Recommendation List of Recommendations for Some of My Favorite Short Story Writers A Starting with Hindi My Like One Off My All Time Favorite Writers Many people may have read Manto but If you haven't read it, it's never too late to start. give butt manto stories Are you no de Are the most shocking the most sensitive the Most Brilliant Craft Wise Short Stories You'll Ever End He Rot Them 70 Years Ago 75 Years Ago Some Times 80 Years Ago Some of Them So Amazing Stories Easy to read from two pager to 20 pager Kind of Short Stories and a Lot of Them I Revisit Keep Revisiting So Late While Whole Collection of Six Books I Think by Manto You can read those other short stories Story writer I have learned a lesson from Uday Hindi stories of Prakash to Uday Prakash What are the five or six collections that were recently released? New Collection Ch Just Like Drop Three Months Ago After a Gap of 10 Years atlist which includes many of his new stories unpublished stories old Infact the first story is rot in college Also there and it's brilliant to uday Prakash Hai is his short story collection Name of one of many Paul Gomra scooters One's name is Tirich, one's name is Tirich But the bull of Hastings is so you will Find Law Of Them Uday Prakash Then Recently I Discovered an American Writer 2 She is very very famous in America And Some How I Never Came Across Her Louise Arich is his name short story do she is a Novelist Also She is a Poet Also I Have Not read every novel at l'poetry I If there is a common thing between Uday Prakash and Louis and Rich They Both Were Poets Before Thee Become Short Story Writers and Novelists so late a Strange Tense and Craft Chach Comes From Poets Don't Become Writers There Is That Poetry Even in Fiction and That's Amazing the way give Write Every Paragraph Feels Like a Short Poem Because of their economy with words because of Their sense of meter in a line is very If it is amazing then it is Louis Arich I I I Don't Know How I Discovered Her Butt Her First The story I read The Raid Convertible It Will Blow Your Mind Away It's One of the Best Short Stories I've Read It's So Powerful So Moving It Takes You Into a Complete New World and So Easily the Economy of language heart breaking like anything Laird Kamal's story and his contribution again. Gut the Whole Book of Her Short Story Collection And one of the most fulfilling reads right now I'm Already in the Middle of Like 15 Stories Must have read, maybe five chapters are left. Book's So Louis Dutch Another of My All Time Favorites Is Edgar Carat He Is N Is Reilly writer a And Again Craft Wise and Innovative And Very Personal A Lot of His Stories Are About his own life a lot of them are so Away from his world and very innovative There's a Story About Story Called Super Glue Just Melt It and Read I Think It's There's One on One of The New Yorker and Something Gut it so Then Another Writer So Edgar Carat Actually Rights in Hebrew and Then Lot of It Translated into English another Writer classic elo calvino no great Great short story writer and great Crazy Heavy Red Cosmo Comics or Sot Wa Go To Recomend And Cosmic Com Cosmic Comics Cosmic Comics is a great work Of I Think One of Its Own Kind No one ever read a book like that again. I wrote a very specific thing here I want to ask, just like Gulzar Sahab did. It was said that this is basically this moon. Whatever their obsession is, the right is mine. Give me any imagery with Bhi Na Moon. I go crazy so when someone came And Said to Me When I Tucked About It a Lot Then Someone Said That You Read Cosmic Comics There are at least 10 different moons in it. And I'm like that means the moon is near I am going to get milk there, I am crazy. Gaya To I Want To Ask You Since For Seleno Files and Moon Lovers Do You Have Any Book Recommendation Author Recommendation Poetry Recommendation Basically I Can Think Off so to my next two recommendations are Science Fiction Three of Them So I'm Shor It must be there somewhere, don't come separately like this No Guljaari is in my mind right now And a book has come in which something else on the moon Poems are new which is again published by The Same Ektara Publication and Drawn By Illustrated by Alan Shaw Alan Shaw Gulzar Sir has brought out a book along with it. Fantastic Illustrations And there are some new poems on the moon in it. But Two Three Short A Fiction Recommendation scifi ted chang all time great all time great meaning What a writer, what a world and show me means very So Super Nerdy Like a Lot of Stories Will Probably Baffles You Ya Ya Ya Like So Much And Still so riveting amazing writer RF Kuang Hu has now suddenly become very famous with Yellow Face I Think Now A Lot Yellow face like every other she or a very famous girl But Some Yellow Face Bum is the One Big Thing She Reaches The Taylor Swift Levels of Ha But Lo Face Non clean no or yellow face I read that also Nahi hai but every previous novel and like something First written I don't know at all previous and one Of all the novels is bubble and that is Stunning is like that is Like a little reductive but Harry Potter for Adult's Kind of Thing It's Fantastic It's Very Very End For Any One Who Loves Words Because It's Set in the World of In A Way World of So It's Set in a Library And You Know That and Language People Who Love Languages and Love The How Language Came Into Being and How der ya how words amol ji and la so vo Aarf Kuwan is a wonderful book. Ki and She is a Fantastic Writer Another Writer is Corey Doctor Who is actually a journalist and not Almost Activist Also in Terms Off getting internet lock protecting the Internet Freedom and the Wonder of It Short Stories by Ted Chiang And Corey Doc Both Are in terms of the Nanness And Corey Doc is depressing him more Black Mirror Very Black Mirror Actually Like Very very pessimistic view of the Technology Around Us and the World Around Us and but very very very good so these three Meaning this is some of the short story Recommendation One More Nayyar Masood All Time Grade Nar Masood I Discovered Recently Liked Five Six Seven Years Ago And Then I Learned Urdu to Read Some of His Stories Which Var Not translated in Hindi and in the Devanagari text to Nayyar Masoor Lucknow Writer Hain Hi Is A Mix off calf And Because He Did Translate a Lot of kafka in urdu so he has a very Stronger than ever understanding of calf Ka and the Imagery and the Abstractness And the serial quality and the Existentialism and Still It's Like kafka Meets I Don't Know One of Two by Anton Chekhov Kind of a thing Very You Know to the Point Short Stories With A Twist in the Tale Everything Is There's End Like the Last Paragraph Will Turn the Story Around and very rooted like all his stories You Can Smell the City of Lucknow in His Stories and Old Lucknow is like this Definitely one of my top three writers ever Wow so many in my list of writers things i have to ask here but whats Your Relationship with Audio Books in General No, I haven't read it yet Meaning I have not been able to listen to audio books I am Into Podcasts But Not Audiobooks Books I Prefer to Read and Podcasts Because you're traveling a lot in flight So here or you play a podcast you listen to To It But Not Like Okay So I I'll take a podcast recommendation from you. first have you red ray bad bury no i know meaning I know but you because you are my one off The Biggest Inspiration and Ye Jo Happy Artist wala jo pura so i wud want You to read and that too short stories only Considers Himself a Short Story Writer ok yes so martian chronicles is one which If You Can Read That's Something You Will Really really like and ted shan's also me I wanted to talk about his short story What's I think in assimilation or somewhere? Expected of Us with a green dot moving in it This means a four page article on freewill. He has a short story which is not in the lesson. maybe this is another one But it will be in someone else's but yes ok I will Find It No No Is in Elation Yes Yes Yes I Am Forget But so amazing so many books we just read. Talked Here Now Let's Talk Podcast So You're Saying a Podcast Gives Us Some Podcast Recommendations A Podcast Recommendations So what has happened in the last three-four months? Am in to my film so some things are absolutely It has become blurry for the last four months. I am completely disconnected from the world Off Podcast But Fall of Civilization Is One A great podcast version Every It's Called Fall of Civilization and... Fall of Civilization Lee or Were Avery episode de pick one Civilization One Empire and Full History Very history, very proper serious History is an amazing podcast. One Radio Lab I'm a Big Fan of So What Ever They Play Radio Lab Mein Meaning Go and pick any random episode. Just kind of ever in a book Talking is mostly science based so I love That Kind of a Space Where Science There is talk or some new technology Key or any science based new book's butt Radio Lab Beach They Did One Series With Atif What's That Guy Named Recently Did This Very Famous Twitter Thread on the Moon One of the Mas Achcha I Don't Know Naseer Atif Naseer No Yes So Atif Naseer Did One Fantastic Podcast on Radio Lab Only a About His Name Says Being a Being accused in the afghanistan war And jailed in Guantanamo I and he went Search of that guy because that guy was also Called Atif Naseer and Give a Hole Podcast About Ch Was Very Actually Very Similar To That Recently a Film Came With Jody Fuster as a Lawyer OK About Guantanamo Bay Were She Fights for One Guy in The Guantanamo Bay End to Get Him Out Because He was falsely charged and so or the mort or so A so very similar but like very thrilling Very Moving I Didn't Know That Podcasts can be This Level of Story Telling in a Human Story Thrillers and All Offcourse Serials And Does the True Crime Genre Is a Very Big Hit on Podcast but a very human political Story Done So Well They're Another Podcast Called Math I Really Love So Math Is A Storytelling Podcast Where They Have This Live Events Where There Are Actual Audiences So Almost Like an Open Mic for Story Telling it is by invite only but giving Have a Theme So Today's Theme is Strangers So They Select 10 Stories of People With About There interaction with str it could be a Great Interaction It Could Be a Bad Interaction It Could Be Something Memorable And They talk about that so it's a 10 minute Capsule So Every Episode Is If It's a Two R episode so de r 8 10 min stories and Nai 10 Minute Stories And I Love That Again Because they are bite sized and still there R Theme Connected and You See The Multi Level One Theme Can Be Interpreted By Humans Telling Their Real Life Stories And all of these are real life these are not Fiction Podcasts That Are Actually Events Incidents That Happen With People So Many Are One Of my all time favorite podcasts a Because I Still Have a Slight Bias Towards fiction than non-fiction even in Podcasts Than There Are These Long Conversation Podcasts A Day Is One Called Syn Tox A S Y N Syn Tox A Super Nerdy Very Difficult to Get Through Some Times Because It's Like If They Talk About Language they talk in true technical language That You Have to Constantly Keep Googling ok what does he mean when he says this If they know if for example if they are Talking about the evolution of languages They'll go in two words like phoney now that Phoney Google what happens then that something And will say that good syntax and A de is another word so in both of them There is another word like syntax, now both of them There is a slight difference but the The Professor Is Constantly You Know Rallling Through it and then you have to pause like Well he said it so it's a very that way They I Don't Think They Intended It to Be That Kind of an Interact Podcast But It Is Very interact you are interacting with So I'm Generally I'm a Sucker for Nerdy Nice In every field every field I feel at this Point And It's True For The Last 30 Years athlete of this The World Belongs to Nerds Very Nice If You're a Nerd About Anything Random Thing If You're Nerd About Ceramics If You Are Nerd About What Ever Photo Prints Out Just the Technology of Printing Out Photos Nerd About Lighting Nerd About Anything You Will you be creating something which Is Memorable For Generations That Is For Sure If You're a Generalist Doing Multiple Things and Doing Everything with a Decent Level of Skill You Will Be Successful Today For sure you know which is how a lot of Commercial Cinema Works But If You Become a Nerds in That Space Like Noland Does Not E Like so you're a generalist By execution but nerd by temperament You'll be great, that's a cool thought, I tell you. Were you have a bias for fiction than non Fiction: Have you ever read a book like this? Were watching a movie and thought man this If this guy had a podcast then I would have felt someone. Such fictional character from movies books Yes, I always feel like reading Harishankar Sahi. Doesn't this happen during podcast time? I mean, it's fun if you have a daily routine. Podcast of His Own What Ever His Own Writing Also If He Would Just Tell Them Great so Parsai Saheb is amazing I am Wish You Know I Read a Lot of a Like Non Fiction is just biographies and all so there is This Fantastic Writer Anirudh Bhattacharya Hi Written Kishore Kumar Biography Hi Riton Basu Chatterjee Biography Also And Couple Of Other Books On film personality So Fantastic Books, read their book. I think and give this Rishikesh Mukherjee Book by Jai Arjun from Sahir Book Bye Akshay Manvani so are the great books and then i n I Read Them I Wish If They Were Conversation Instead of Books Right If Akshay Manwani Was in Conversation with Sahir and Jai Arjun Singh Was In Conversation With Rishikesh Mukherjee and Jai Arjun Singh Great Book on go to sleep my friend These Books Have Great Potential to Be Podcast Also And Then The Stories Are There's a Very Young Kansas Manor If You Know Kundan sh late vich hi ofcourse hi interviewed Kundan Shah and Lots of Other Actors Evolved into jaane bad yaaro but that could have Been a great podcast lovely so i have Asked almost all the questions and not just one thing Anything I ask all guests That You Purchased for Less Than 00 Recently That You would like to Recommended for I know very strange but Coffee is a very cheap thing for nuts. If you take a French press it is 00. And every coffee makes very good coffee. You get the real taste of French. 00 is a little expensive thing in the press, Kindle is great i love kindle and i think that It is priced at Rs 89000 and currently there is a cheaper one as well. Upper limit is probably 11000 which is the most expensive But a good kindle would be available for Rs 6,7000. Is Kindle is great because you can carry your Books A Like For Travel You three books You keep it in the bag and then you feel guilty That I am carrying two kilos extra And then I am not reading it because it is Kindle. It is of 100 grams and contains 50 books at a time. I mean 5000 also comes but yours Recent Selection of 10 15 Great Books You Can Carry and So Kindle is a Great investment i Feel Another Thing That Gives Me Great Joy Lots off vinyl dist so aa vinyl and vinyl i Think I Keep Switching Between Them Because Maybe Americans say vinyl and it's It cans and cans none of them it is cans So s is definitely not s e don't Pronoun s for say so anything In the end if dozens have if it dozens have an Wavel After It Ain't To Be Pronounced in French and even if there is a Wavell se l e so la so it is not le and You know so e too they are very mean do this Okay, we will talk, we will talk a little bit. So that E doesn't feel bad but not completely Will say where there is no vowel at the end So there is no question so it is can or can Depending on which region of France you come From But Which Is More Actually Like Standard French And Then There Are Americans Who Started Pronounce It Can Instead Of Can So A Lot Of French people also so late was a long Debate ts wa i know because de de was a French Person named in France Higher Randy Subtitles for Hindi films in France only Hindi teacher in France but he is a French Man He Did Masaan Ka Bhi For The French Release The TV Release for Masaan Hi Did For Few Anurag Kashyap Film Including What is it, what is it, what is it, what is it, he said Look, we have ears, but we have friends. Neeraj Gavan he said wait I am one French So Then He Found A Video Of A French Actress Not Julie Delpy Who Is The One French I think Mahin Kotila's either what pronunciation Mahin Ya It's Not R It's R Is Pronounced Age  like    and  is the month between this is how it happens Mahin Kotiya Yeh Woh Inception Wali Na Yes Yes, yes Either we are Kotiya or Marin Kotila. Gives good butt like Kapil Dev We should say that it is right because we are Brother, we belong to Haryanvi and we are Marin. He can speak Kotila If she also won't be able to say our name How will we be able to say that Xavier Dolan or Haier Dolan Ha wear good yes higher higher we so so me I did not study at St. Havan's School. Xavier is now English in India again Also Xavier will speak so British Will Still Call It Xavier So It's the French Thing so in France Xavier is here and In a lot of European countries So So Ya So Someone Actually Posted Think Neeraj Only Found a Video of I Think Mann and Someone Saying Can and Like a French Actor so late this debate was good This is that's that's our friend here France Higher Said or not so that There are different pronunciations in France also Yes but definitely it is can and can can is More Proper And Can Is What Americans Have Now Made it and its okin phoenix hawir badam Ya Ya Ya Correct Ha To So LP Disc Most safe lp disc is my best Investment is the biggest happiness at this time Gives me and when there is a rare disc in it Get it and generally that means from Disk 500. 2000 00 5000 is very rare So you get it for Rs 5000 or so but it's more outside. If I meet you, I will find many wonderful things in it. Like Recently I Said There Will Be Blood I Got My Gut Studio Ghibli's My Neighbor Totoro's Double Disc Pack for I Don't No $3 or Something in America and That's Why If it is 2000 bucks 00 then it means amazing. The sound quality is top notch Have That Thing in a Full with an Album Inside with the Sang and with the Know Illustration from the film And So That Me most of all for this I'm having fun collecting time. LP Discs and Playing Them And Just Enjoy the music so amazing Varun thank you So much for doing this is something that I You haven't asked anyone you want to talk about Plug or any you thing I have by the way This is something I got from Varun Kya Mast Oh man, this or that, I am the most impressed. You learned USB yes because we talked That friend these days USB I don't know yet USB Do people have it or not? Poor guy will go and find this or so this was this Was An Idea By Strong Studio De De Also you know his name is written here With Love Strong Studio So Stuns Is The Social Media Marketing Team That Work For All India rank, no matter how many social media Marketing is what they did and they did. This Idea and I'd Like How You Would Execute this it is very complicated And You Know We Don't Have Too Much Time We Executed the Entire Thing in Two Weeks And Sent It Out to a Lot of Friends And it was very very cool so just one thing I Just Want to Plug Curious Coffee Off Jaipur please go there and drink a lot of coffee Great coffee, great food and All of these are from Jaipur so that is One Thing I Wish Bombay Me Hota But I Wish Also don't know that he will be in Bombay, then he It will end so it's good there There is something in Jaipur which is like and My last recommendation I got from Varun K food recommendations were not taken because One of their highlights is called Food Reco. Yes so you can watch that directly and The amount of time we've been talking is about an hour and a half I'll talk to him over dinner for twice that hour. If I can then we should do one separately Just About Food We Won't Talk About Cinema And Anything at All We'll Just Talk About Food Over Food So May We Should Do It At Some Restaurants and Something's So We Will Do That Amazing Thank You So Much OTT Pe Kab It's coming on OTT, I don't know yet but it's coming She will go very soon, that means she is a general. There is a calendar which they make so they will Figure out and it's coming on Tell me about your experience of this Full episodes of Also Guy this season Audio version coming soon on Audible So stay tuned for it and I will be Back with another episode on Audible Presents the longest Interview 